docs: Update readme with error caused by no FE config (#7)
googlemaps/java-on-demand-rides-deliveries-stub-provider: README.md

- Set the Java version to 8 by running the command
  `` export JAVA_HOME=`/usr/libexec/java_home -v 1.8` ``.

`Error injecting constructor, com.google.auth.ServiceAccountSigner$SigningException: Failed to sign the provided bytes`

> - Fill in the required 'Fleet engine' configuration in `src/main/config.properties`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fill in the required Fleet Engine configuration in `src/main/resources/config.properties`.
```
